= Knife OVH Private Cloud Configuration management 

= DEPRECATED - Please use this instead https://github.com/Estebita/knife-ovh-cloud

= DESCRIPTION:

This is an Opscode Knife plugin to interact with OVH pcc VMware vSphere. This plugin currently lists, clones, and deletes Virtual Machines ; run lists are supported with some limitations

= INSTALLATION:

    gem install knife-ovh

= CONFIGURATION:

For initial development, the plugin targets all communication at a vCenter instance rather than at specific hosts. Only named user authentication is currently supported; you'll need to add the credentials to your <tt>knife.rb</tt> file:

    knife[:vsphere_host] = "vcenter-hostname"
    knife[:vsphere_user] = "privileged username"
    knife[:vsphere_pass] = "your password"
    knife[:vsphere_dc] = "your-datacenter"

Environment variables and command-line credentials are not currently supported, but will be forthcoming soon. 

= SUBCOMMANDS:

This plugin provides the following Knife subcommands.  Specific command options can be found by invoking the subcommand with a <tt>--help</tt> flag

== knife ovh pcc vm list
== knife ovh pcc vm clone
== knife ovh pcc vm delete

= LICENSE:

Author:: Alexis Gruet (<alexis.gruet@kroknet.com>)
InspiredFrom:: Ezra Pagel (<ezra@cpan.org>)
Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2011 Alexis Gruet - Ezra Pagel

VMware vSphere is a trademark of VMware, Inc.

License:: Apache License, Version 2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
